User solutoin to Cses 1706 (#3653)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/cses-1706.mdx

Reviewer: Please move this file to the correct directory (as described in https://usaco.guide/general/adding-solution?lang=cpp#steps).

Author: Where should i move the file ? I don't have a solution/platinum folder. Should I create one ?

Author: I moved it

---
id: cses-1706
source: CSES
title: School Excursion

> author: Óscar Garries

Reviewer 2: put your name here lol

Author: Oh :)) I thought it should be the problem's author name.

---
## Solution

> **Time complexity:**$\mathcal{O}(N\log^2N)$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(N\log^2N)$
```

to be consistent with other solutions

Author: Ok I changed it.

> The solution of the problem is based on DSU ( [Disjoin Set Union](https://usaco.guide/gold/dsu?lang=cpp) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is based on DSU ([Disjoint Set Union](https://usaco.guide/gold/dsu?lang=cpp))
```

don't include extraneous spaces around parentheses. Also, there are many typos - you can probably detect these with Grammarly

Author: It's ok now ? What do you think ?

> For example: if 2 and 3 want  the same thing and 3 and 4 want the same think ==> It means that 2, 3 and 4 want the same thing. After we make the components of the DSU, we are going to use their sizes. After that, we need to find out every combination of these sizes. To do that, we gonna use a knapsack DP ( you can find a good tutorial [here](https://usaco.guide/gold/knapsack?lang=cpp)). But it would tale too long to do this, it would take O(N ^ 2) => TLE. In order to speed it up, we gonna use a bitset as a knpasack.

Reviewer: add dollar signs around time complexities

Author: Ok

> For example: if 2 and 3 want  the same thing and 3 and 4 want the same think ==> It means that 2, 3 and 4 want the same thing. After we make the components of the DSU, we are going to use their sizes. After that, we need to find out every combination of these sizes. To do that, we gonna use a knapsack DP ( you can find a good tutorial [here](https://usaco.guide/gold/knapsack?lang=cpp)). But it would tale too long to do this, it would take O(N ^ 2) => TLE. In order to speed it up, we gonna use a bitset as a knpasack.

Reviewer 3: Watch for typos, use proper grammar, and remove the arrows from the text.

Author: Ok, thanks ! It should be ok now.

> 

Reviewer 3: You need `<LanguageSection>` and `<CPPSection>` here

Author: Ok, I used them. I've also added a python sol

```cpp

> #include <bitset>

Reviewer 3: Use tabs for indentation

Reviewer: they are used; the autoformatter enforces this

Author: The code looks ok, do you want to use tabs of 4 spaces ?
